`azurerm_data_factory_linked_service_sftp` add SSH Key Authentication and Key Vault (#28690)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/data_factory_linked_service_sftp.html.markdown

The following supported arguments are specific to SFTP Linked Service:

> * `authentication_type` - (Required) The type of authentication used to connect to the web table source. Valid options are `MultiFactor`, `Basic` and `SshPublicKey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `authentication_type` - (Required) The type of authentication used to connect to the SFTP server. Valid options are `MultiFactor`, `Basic` and `SshPublicKey`.
```

Author: Ooops thanks, good catch!

* `host` - (Required) The SFTP server hostname.

* `port` - (Required) The TCP port number that the SFTP server uses to listen for client connection. Default value is 22.

* `username` - (Required) The username used to log on to the SFTP server.

> * `password` - (Required if using Basic Authentication) Password to log on to the SFTP Server for Basic Authentication.
> 
> * `private_key_content` - (Required if using `SshPublicKey` Authentication and not `private_key_path`) The private key content in OpenSSH format or the URL of an Azure Key Vault Secret of the same used to log on to the SFTP server.
> 
> * `private_key_path` - (Required if using `SshPublicKey` Authentication, a self-hosted integration runtime, and not `private_key_content`) The absolute path to the private key file that the integration runtime can access. This applies only when the self-hosted type of integration runtime is specified in `integration_runtime_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `password` - (Optional) Password to log on to the SFTP Server for Basic Authentication.

~> **Note:** `password` is required when `authentication_type` is set to `Basic`.

* `private_key_content` - (Optional) The private key content in OpenSSH format or the URL of an Azure Key Vault Secret of the same used to log on to the SFTP server.

* `private_key_path` - (Optional) The absolute path to the private key file that the integration runtime can access.

~> **Note:** One of `private_key_content` or `private_key_path` is required when `authentication_type` is set to `SshPublicKey`. `private_key_path` only applies when the self-hosted type of integration runtime is specified in `integration_runtime_name`.
```

I'm unsure of the wording in the last bit ("only applies when the self-hosted type of integration runtime is specified in `integration_runtime_name`."), could you clarify what this is for?

Author: Roger, i expanded the wording to try to make it clearer

The following supported arguments are specific to SFTP Linked Service:

* `authentication_type` - (Required) The type of authentication used to connect to the SFTP server. Valid options are `MultiFactor`, `Basic` and `SshPublicKey`.

* `host` - (Required) The SFTP server hostname.

* `port` - (Required) The TCP port number that the SFTP server uses to listen for client connection. Default value is 22.

* `username` - (Required) The username used to log on to the SFTP server.

* `password` - (Optional) Password to log on to the SFTP Server for Basic Authentication.

~> **Note:** `password` is required when `authentication_type` is set to `Basic`.

> * `private_key_content` - (Optional) The private key content in OpenSSH format or the URL of an Azure Key Vault Secret of the same used to log on to the SFTP server.

Reviewer: If we're validating `private_key_content` to be a valid openssh private key, should the URL be listed as an option here?

Author: I removed the bit about the URL

> * `private_key_path` - (Optional) The absolute path to the private key file that the integration runtime can access. This only applies when using a self-hosted integration runtime instead the default Azure provided runtime, as indicated by supplying a value for `integration_runtime_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `private_key_path` - (Optional) The absolute path to the private key file that the integration runtime can access. This only applies when using a self-hosted integration runtime instead of the default Azure provided runtime, as indicated by supplying a value for `integration_runtime_name`.
```

* `private_key_passphrase` - (Optional) The passphrase for the private key if the key is encrypted.

> ~> **Note:** One of `private_key_content` or `private_key_path` is required when `authentication_type` is set to `SshPublicKey`. `private_key_path`.

Reviewer: Suggestion and could we move this note under `private_key_path`?
```suggestion
~> **Note:** One of `private_key_content` or `private_key_path` is required when `authentication_type` is set to `SshPublicKey`.
```

The following supported arguments are specific to SFTP Linked Service:

* `authentication_type` - (Required) The type of authentication used to connect to the SFTP server. Valid options are `MultiFactor`, `Basic` and `SshPublicKey`.

* `host` - (Required) The SFTP server hostname.

* `port` - (Required) The TCP port number that the SFTP server uses to listen for client connection. Default value is 22.

* `username` - (Required) The username used to log on to the SFTP server.

* `password` - (Optional) Password to log on to the SFTP Server for Basic Authentication.

> * `key_vault_password` - (Optional) A `key_vault_password` block as defined below. Password to log on to the SFTP Server for Basic Authentication.

Reviewer: Generally for blocks we only have the first sentence as the description

```suggestion
* `key_vault_password` - (Optional) A `key_vault_password` block as defined below.
```

> ~> **Note:** `password` is required when `authentication_type` is set to `Basic`.

Reviewer: Should this be `password` or `key_vault_password`?

Also, we don't validate this anywhere, i.e. you can specify `SshPublicKey` and `password`, maybe something we need to consider adding?

```suggestion
~> **Note:** Either `password` or `key_vault_password` is required when `authentication_type` is set to `Basic`.
```

> * `private_key_content_base64` - (Optional) The base 64 encoded private key content in OpenSSH format used to log on to the SFTP server.

Reviewer: Nit: base64 is generally a single word/name
```suggestion
* `private_key_content_base64` - (Optional) The Base64 encoded private key content in OpenSSH format used to log on to the SFTP server.
```

> * `key_vault_private_key_content_base64` - (Optional) A `key_vault_private_key_content_base64` block as defined below. The base 64 encoded private key content in OpenSSH format used to log on to the SFTP server.

Reviewer: Generally for blocks we only have the first sentence as the description

```suggestion
* `key_vault_private_key_content_base64` - (Optional) A `key_vault_private_key_content_base64` block as defined below.
```

* `private_key_path` - (Optional) The absolute path to the private key file that the self-hosted integration runtime can access.

~> **Note:** `private_key_path` only applies when using a self-hosted integration runtime (instead of the default Azure provided runtime), as indicated by supplying a value for `integration_runtime_name`.

* `private_key_passphrase` - (Optional) The passphrase for the private key if the key is encrypted.

> * `key_vault_private_key_passphrase` - (Optional) A `key_vault_private_key_passphrase` block as defined below. The passphrase for the private key if the key is encrypted.

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above

```suggestion
* `key_vault_private_key_passphrase` - (Optional) A `key_vault_private_key_passphrase` block as defined below.
```

~> **Note:** One of `private_key_content_base64` or `private_key_path` (or their Key Vault equivalent) is required when `authentication_type` is set to `SshPublicKey`.

* `host_key_fingerprint` - (Optional) The host key fingerprint of the SFTP server.

* `skip_host_key_validation` - (Optional) Whether to validate host key fingerprint while connecting. If set to `false`, `host_key_fingerprint` must also be set.

---

A `key_vault_password` block supports the following:

* `linked_service_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of an existing Key Vault Data Factory Linked Service.

> * `secret_name` - (Required) Specifies the secret name in Azure Key Vault that stores Basic auth password.

Reviewer: I think we could shorten this a little, this being in a key vault is implied by the block name, wdyt?

```suggestion
* `secret_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the secret containing the password.
```

---

A `key_vault_private_key_content_base64` block supports the following:

* `linked_service_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of an existing Key Vault Data Factory Linked Service.

> * `secret_name` - (Required) Specifies the secret name in Azure Key Vault that stores the base 64 encoded SSH private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `secret_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the secret containing the Base64 encoded SSH private key.
```

---

A `key_vault_private_key_passphrase` block supports the following:

* `linked_service_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of an existing Key Vault Data Factory Linked Service.

> * `secret_name` - (Required) Specifies the secret name in Azure Key Vault that stores the SSH private key passphrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `secret_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the secret containing the SSH private key passphrase.
```
